OSDOCS-18103#updating TP table (#111705)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rn-ocp-release-notes-technology-preview.adoc

|Technology Preview
|Technology Preview
|General Availability (through Builds for OpenShift Operator)

|OpenShift zones support for vSphere host groups
|Technology Preview
|Technology Preview
|Technology Preview

|Selectable Cluster Inventory
|
|
|

|Enabling a user-provisioned DNS on {gcp-short}
|Technology Preview
|General Availability
|General Availability

|Enabling a user-provisioned DNS on {azure-full}
|Not Available
|Technology Preview
|General Availability

|Enabling a user-provisioned DNS on {aws-first}
|Not Available
|Technology Preview
|Technology Preview

|Installing a cluster using {gcp-first} private and restricted API endpoints
|Not Available
|General Availability
|General Availability

|Installing a cluster on {vmw-full} with multiple network interface controllers
|General Availability
|General Availability
|General Availability

|Using bare metal as a service
|Technology Preview
|Technology Preview
|General Availability

|Running firmware upgrades for hosts in deployed bare metal clusters
|Technology Preview
|General Availability
|General Availability

|Installing a cluster on {aws-first} European Sovereign Cloud
|Not Available
|Not Available
|Technology Preview

> |Installing a cluster on {aws-first} using a dual-stack configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Installing a cluster on {aws-first} with dual-stack networking
```

|Mount shared entitlements in BuildConfigs in RHEL
|Technology Preview
|Technology Preview

> |General Availability (through Builds for OpenShift Operator)

Reviewer 2: /lgtm

|Mount shared entitlements in BuildConfigs in RHEL
|Technology Preview
|Technology Preview
|General Availability (through Builds for OpenShift Operator)

|OpenShift zones support for vSphere host groups
|Technology Preview
|Technology Preview
|

|Selectable Cluster Inventory
|

> |

Reviewer 3: Let's drop this from the table and add a note at the end of this table.

|
|====

[NOTE]
====

> Selectable Cluster Inventory became two features, Fleet Management and Fleet Virtualization, in {product-title} 4.20 and later version releases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Fleet Management supersedes Selectable Cluster Inventory in {product-title} 4.20 and later releases. For more information see, Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management for Kubernetes documentation for [Fleet Management](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.15/html-single/release_notes/index#console-new-features)
```
